[IMP] essentials: extra detail plus updates to favorited searches (#14285)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/search.rst

.. image:: search/favorites.png
   :alt: Saving a favorite search on the Sales Analysis report.
   :scale: 80%

Favorited searches can be accessed by clicking the :icon:`fa-caret-down` :guilabel:`(dropdown)` icon
in the search bar, then selecting the saved search under :icon:`fa-star` :guilabel:`Favorites`.

.. tip::
   Favorited searches that are only visible to the current user, i.e., that are not shared, are
   shown first; any shared searches, whether created by the current user or another user, are
   shown in a second section.

To edit a favorited search, with the relevant saved search selected, hover over the :icon:`fa-star`
:guilabel:`(star)` icon beside the search name in the search bar, then click the :icon:`fa-cog`

> :guilabel:`(cog)` icon. Modify the conditions as needed, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`(cog)` icon. Modify the filters and grouping options as needed, then click :guilabel:`Confirm`.
```
maybe nitpicking, but I think it might be more helpful to use the terminology from the UI here (and grouping options aren't technically conditions I think)
